Query Management and Configuration Clean-up for Enterprise 1.9 (#2733)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/influxql_query_management.md

- [KILL QUERIES](#stop-currently-running-queries-with-kill-query) to stop queries overloading your system
- [Configuration settings](#configuration-settings-for-query-management) to prevent and halt the execution of inefficient queries

> > The commands and configurations provided on this page are for **Influx Query Language (InfluxQL) only** 
> > For the Flux query management settings, see [Flux query management](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/flux_query_management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
The commands and configurations provided on this page are for **Influx Query Language (InfluxQL) only**.
For Flux query management settings, see [Flux query management](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/flux_query_management).
{{% /note %}}
```

##### Explanation of the output

> - `qid`: The id number of the query. Use this value with 
> [`KILL - QUERY`](/eneterprise_influxdb/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/influxql_query_management/#stop-currently-running-queries-with-kill-query).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `qid`: Query ID. Use this ID with [`KILL - QUERY`](/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/influxql_query_management/#stop-currently-running-queries-with-kill-query).  
```
